index.md, before:

## Welcome to GitHub Pages
Guide on how to run prefect workflows on a dask slurmcluster deployed on Mistral from DKRZ ([Link](https://docs.dkrz.de/doc/mistral/index.html)) 



# Setting up Slurm Clsuter

1. Start a dask Slurmcluster.

    Use either jupyterhub([Link](https://jupyterhub.dkrz.de/)) to start a dask slurm cluster or run it as a script [Link](./src/start_dask_slurmcluster.py) on mistral directly. For more info check [Link](https://docs.dkrz.de/blog/2020/dask_jobqueue.html)
```markdown
cluster = SLURMCluster(name=name,
                       queue = queue,
                       project= project,
                       cores=cores, 
                       interface=interface,
                       memory=memory,
                       walltime = walltime,
                       scheduler_options={"dashboard_address": ":{}".format(str(port))})

client = Client(cluster)

cluster.scale(workers)
```
When using jupyterhub you should be able to view the dashboard directly in the browser. When running a cluster in the terminal you need to forward the port via ssh tunneling to your local PC and should then be able to view the dask dashboard.

The output of client should look similar to this:

![Image](./docs/assets/images/dask_scheduler.png)

# Setting up Prefect
##
## 
##


3. List

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List


**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [Basic writing and formatting syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/BjoernMayer92/Prefect_Mistral/settings/pages). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://support.github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

Added Setup of prefect with backend cloud

index.md, after:

## Welcome to GitHub Pages
Guide on how to run prefect workflows on a dask slurmcluster deployed on Mistral from DKRZ ([Link](https://docs.dkrz.de/doc/mistral/index.html)) 



# Setting up Slurm Clsuter

1. Start a dask Slurmcluster.

    Use either jupyterhub([Link](https://jupyterhub.dkrz.de/)) to start a dask slurm cluster or run it as a script [Link](./src/start_dask_slurmcluster.py) on mistral directly. For more info check [Link](https://docs.dkrz.de/blog/2020/dask_jobqueue.html)
```markdown
cluster = SLURMCluster(name=name,
                       queue = queue,
                       project= project,
                       cores=cores, 
                       interface=interface,
                       memory=memory,
                       walltime = walltime,
                       scheduler_options={"dashboard_address": ":{}".format(str(port))})

client = Client(cluster)

cluster.scale(workers)
```
When using jupyterhub you should be able to view the dashboard directly in the browser. When running a cluster in the terminal you need to forward the port via ssh tunneling to your local PC and should then be able to view the dask dashboard.

The output of client should look similar to this:

![Image](./docs/assets/images/dask_scheduler.png)

# Setting up Prefect
## Set up the prefect cloud
Setting up the prefect cloud follows this tutorial [Link](https://docs.prefect.io/orchestration/getting-started/set-up.html#set-the-prefect-cloud-backend)
### Set the prefect cloud backend
```markdown
prefect backend cloud
```
### Login in
For this example we will use the cloud solutio provided by prefect. But also setting up your own prefect server will work. First we need to create an account and log in to
https://cloud.prefect.io/
### Setting up the API key
For authentication we will need to generate an authentication key here : [Link](https://cloud.prefect.io/user/keys). The newly created key will be copied and stored for use by:
```markdown
prefect auth login --key <YOUR-KEY>
```
### Create a new projects
```markdown
prefect create project "tutorial"
```
## Register a flow

3. List

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List


**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [Basic writing and formatting syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/BjoernMayer92/Prefect_Mistral/settings/pages). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://support.github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.
